## Structure
- Intent of this list is to act as Online bookmarks/lookup table for freely available online video courses. Focus would be to keep the list to the point so that it is easy to browse. It would be easier to skim through 10 page list, find the course and start learning than having to read 50 pages of text. If you are student or from non-CS background, please try few courses to decide for yourself as to which course suits your learning curve best.
- 90% courses on Data Structures/Algorithms/Operating Systems/Machine Learning/Computer Networks/etc tend to have 80-90% overlap in curriculum. Descriptions for courses are helpful but adding descriptions/comments for each course can lead to repetition/subjective opinions. As a tradeoff, metadata like course number, name, prof, year, University/platform for Course is added in the URL itself. To access syllabus/notes/assignments, please visit link to the course or use Google search with course number/name. If a course has excellent notes/assignments/projects which cannot be reached through video's link, please feel free to add links alongside. 
- If available, please add following information to the link - &lt;Course-Number&gt; &lt;Course-Name&gt; &lt;Year&gt; &lt;Prof Name&gt; &lt;University Name/Platform&gt;. 
- If you are bored reading above 10 lines, imagine reading descriptions for hundreds of courses :)

## Contribution
- Recently quality of MOOCs has diminished, therefore only MOOCs with comprehensive lecture material which cover a subject/topic in ample detail will be added. For example, MOOC on Computer Networks or Machine Learning with 4-5 hours may not be able to cover all topics in sufficient detail and thus should be avoided.
- One philosophy used in this list while integrating MOOCs is that link should directly point to videos for viewing/downloading than registration. If videos are directly accessible through the platform/youtube or any other source, please use the direct source.
- [NPTEL](http://nptel.ac.in/) contains large number of good Computer Science courses. To check out courses by Indian IIT's, please refer nptel site. For MOOCs, please check out class-central.
- Disclaimer: The links have been taken from public domain websites like Open courseware sites, class-central, , YouTube channels for Universities, University pages, Google, itunes U, blog posts and similar sites like awesome-courses etc. If you are University Professor for any course listed below and would like Your course to be removed from the list, please raise an issue with course details.
